doc(release):add release note for centreon-collect-22.04.2 (#2110)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Collect

### 22.04.2

Release date: `February 1, 2023`

#### Centreon Engine

##### Improvements

> - Improved network connection stability by sending tcpkeepalive packet every 30s on tcp stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved network connection stability by sending a tcpkeepalive packet every 30s on TCP stream.
```

> ##### Improvements
> 
> - Improved network connection stability by sending a tcpkeepalive packet every 30s on TCP stream.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: only useful in broker release note

##### Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug that made deleted acknowledgements come back after restarting Centengine.
- Fixed log flushing issues in Engine and Broker by improving the reliability and configurability of the flush period.

#### Centreon Broker

##### Improvements

- Improved Broker's behaviour when trying to insert negative values in unsigned columns of the storage database.

> - Improved network connection stability by sending tcpkeepalive packet every 30s on tcp stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved network connection stability by sending a tcpkeepalive packet every 30s on TCP stream.
```

> - Improved how bulk data is sent with Broker to MariaDB databases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved how bulk data is sent by Broker to MariaDB databases.
```

> - Improved the manner of sending bulk data with Broker on MariaDB databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved how bulk data is sent with Broker to MariaDB databases.
```

- It is now possible to use empty strings for parameter values in stream connectors.

##### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue causing pollers to be displayed as running, and resources to be displayed in Resources Status after stopping centengine.
- Fixed a bug where deleted host groups and service groups weren’t available in the filter menu.
- Fixed a deadlock issue due to new Broker stats engine.

> - Fixed a deadlock issue when a query fails while inserting a value out of range for the column type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a deadlock issue when a query failed while inserting a value that was out of range for the column type.
```

- Fixed an issue due to a data type mismatch that could block Broker.
- Fixed the way Broker handled numbers with an out of range value for the column type.
- Fixed a bug that made deleted acknowledgements come back after restarting Centengine.

> - Fixed an issue in RRD rebuild that recreated the RRD files for every 24 hours of data, resulting in keeping only the last day's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with RRD rebuild that recreated the RRD files for every 24 hours of data, resulting in keeping only the last day's data.
```

> - Fixed the issue with RRD rebuild compatibility with rrdcached.

Reviewer: fixed the compatibility issue between RRD rebuild and rrdcached?

> - Fixed the issue with RRD rebuild compatibility with rrdcached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the compatibility issue between RRD rebuild and rrdcached.
```

- Fixed a stability issue that could cause Broker to crash when a host was deleted.
- Fixed log flushing issues in Engine and Broker by improving the reliability and configurability of the flush period.

> - Fixed an issue where Broker displayed the expected warning message “Deprecated endpoint found in the output configuration: 'file' endpoint is deprecated and should not be used anymore” instead of an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Broker displayed the warning message “Deprecated endpoint found in the output configuration: 'file' endpoint is deprecated and should not be used anymore” instead of an error.
```
